[Music]
I am the commanding officer of this
country you British prisoners having
chosen to build a bridge across the
river kwai if you work hard you will be
treated well but if you do not work hard
you will be finished
[Music]
you'll go on without me that's an order
you make me sick with your heroics
there's a stench of death about you
you're carrying you're packed like the
plague you and that Colonel Nicholson
you're two of a kind crazy with courage
for what how to die like a gentleman how
to die by the rules when the only
important thing is how to live like a
human being
my name is Nicholson in a double bio
means you read English I take it sorry
no but if it's a matter of precise
translation I'm sure that can be
arranged you see the code specifically
states that the
[Music]
could have done it I was ready
let's go the bridge on the river kwai
played against the naked campus of war
here is a vast panorama of human
emotions the courage and dignity of men
who fight for their convictions the
humor of soldiers in the midst of
tragedy I thought you were the enemy sir
well I'm an American that's what you
mean the tenderness that Springs from
the heart you're lovely the beauty and
brutality that is war on an island in
the jungle
[Music]
the preach on the river choirs of
motion-picture achievement by a
combination of brilliant creative talent
produced by Sam Spiegel who gave you the
African Queen and on the waterfront
directed by David Lean who made brief
encounter and great expectations
[Music]